README.md, before:

# Cordova jQuery Downloader


## TODO
- could update the status after 100% and before done to a writing file status


## Cordova Plugins
```
cordova-plugin-androidx 3.0.0 "cordova-plugin-androidx"
cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter 1.1.3 "cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter"
cordova-plugin-app-version 0.1.12 "AppVersion"
cordova-plugin-background-download 0.0.2 "Background Download"
cordova-plugin-background-mode 0.7.3 "BackgroundMode"
cordova-plugin-device 2.0.3 "Device"
cordova-plugin-dialogs 2.0.2 "Notification"
cordova-plugin-document-viewer 1.0.0 "SitewaertsDocumentViewer"
cordova-plugin-email-composer 0.9.2 "EmailComposer"
cordova-plugin-file 6.0.2 "File"
cordova-plugin-file-opener2 3.0.5 "File Opener2"
cordova-plugin-file-transfer 1.7.1 "File Transfer"
cordova-plugin-google-analytics 1.9.0 "Google Universal Analytics Plugin"
cordova-plugin-inappbrowser 4.1.0 "InAppBrowser"
cordova-plugin-ionic-keyboard 2.2.0 "cordova-plugin-ionic-keyboard"
cordova-plugin-network-information 2.0.2 "Network Information"
cordova-plugin-powermanagement 1.0.5 "Cordova PowerManagement plugin"
cordova-plugin-screen-orientation 3.0.2 "Screen Orientation"
cordova-plugin-splashscreen 6.0.0 "Splashscreen"
cordova-plugin-statusbar 2.4.3 "StatusBar"
cordova-plugin-whitelist 1.3.4 "Whitelist"
cordova-plugin-x-socialsharing 6.0.3 "SocialSharing"
es6-promise-plugin 4.2.2 "Promise"
```

Commit message:

got android working now too

README.md, after:

# Cordova jQuery Downloader

## File Transfer -> XHR
- https://cordova.apache.org/blog/2017/10/18/from-filetransfer-to-xhr2.html
- Make sure data is coming from HTTPS for Android to work

## TODO
- could update the status after 100% and before done to a writing file status
- add cancel button(s)


## Cordova Plugins
```
cordova-plugin-androidx 3.0.0 "cordova-plugin-androidx"
cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter 1.1.3 "cordova-plugin-androidx-adapter"
cordova-plugin-app-version 0.1.12 "AppVersion"
cordova-plugin-background-download 0.0.2 "Background Download"
cordova-plugin-background-mode 0.7.3 "BackgroundMode"
cordova-plugin-device 2.0.3 "Device"
cordova-plugin-dialogs 2.0.2 "Notification"
cordova-plugin-document-viewer 1.0.0 "SitewaertsDocumentViewer"
cordova-plugin-email-composer 0.9.2 "EmailComposer"
cordova-plugin-file 6.0.2 "File"
cordova-plugin-file-opener2 3.0.5 "File Opener2"
cordova-plugin-file-transfer 1.7.1 "File Transfer"
cordova-plugin-google-analytics 1.9.0 "Google Universal Analytics Plugin"
cordova-plugin-inappbrowser 4.1.0 "InAppBrowser"
cordova-plugin-ionic-keyboard 2.2.0 "cordova-plugin-ionic-keyboard"
cordova-plugin-network-information 2.0.2 "Network Information"
cordova-plugin-powermanagement 1.0.5 "Cordova PowerManagement plugin"
cordova-plugin-screen-orientation 3.0.2 "Screen Orientation"
cordova-plugin-splashscreen 6.0.0 "Splashscreen"
cordova-plugin-statusbar 2.4.3 "StatusBar"
cordova-plugin-whitelist 1.3.4 "Whitelist"
cordova-plugin-x-socialsharing 6.0.3 "SocialSharing"
es6-promise-plugin 4.2.2 "Promise"
```
